PYTHON PROGRAM
    Collect and prepare the data.
    Use Python to extract, clean and store the data into a suitable format + provide clear evidence of how.

    Carry out analytics on data and create at least two different basic visualisations (e.g., bar chart, line graph, pie chart) with each representing different key
    aspects of the dataset.
    Visualisation is clearly labelled with titles, axis labels, and legends.

    Use Python data structure(s) such as lists, tuples or dictionaries to manage the data.

    Develop a web-based interface to provide the public with information about chosen dataset. 
    Display the data visualisations created in the information system.
    Ensure users can interact with the data visualisation. (Hover to see details, click to filter data, change ranges).

    Create a form or poll relating to your chosen dataset on your information system that collects and stores data from the users.


WEBSITE

Meeting the Brief
    Record a video of the Python program, optional text. (< 1GB, < 5 mins).
    Demonstrate how the application works and how it applies to the requirements.

Investigation       ~400 words
    Show evidence of own research, with existing solutions aligned with brief.
    Include sites used to find information.

Plan and Design     ~400 words
    Clear description of the design and how it will meet the requirements in the brief. 
    Explain each of the technologies planned to use and how they will be used within project.
    Detailed flowchart giving overview of how system will work.

Create              ~1000 words
    Include the key milestones from each week.
    Test table used to show evidence of testing and to explain the outcomes of the testing. 
    Explain one of the problems encountered and describe how it was overcame.
    Pseudocode of the algorithm (doesn't count to word count).

Evaluation          ~300 words
    Evaluate the final artefact in relation to the requirements set out in the brief.
    Suggest, with justification, how artefact could be improved or iterated upon in the future.